---
layout: post
title:  "The Homelab"
date:   2018-06-03 00:00:00 -0400
categories: computing
author: Kevin Vecchione
---
(updated on 6/3 after cutover to Jekyll/GitHub Pages)

I should probably start by going over what I do at home because I have a lot of fun working with my home lab and trying out new things.

Docker is definitely at the core of what I'm working with now as it's letting me stand up, update, and move around pretty much anything I want. I still keep my databases on a separate machine, but that's really only due to capacity as passthrough volumes in docker are totally OK for what I need. I'm also a big fan of virtualizing Docker. I know some people are purists and want Docker to run on bare metal, but I can live with the hypervisor overhead and think VM host mobility is still a great feature to have.

I recently swapped my webserver over from apache to nginx and it's working really well, although running Wordpress on nginx is a slightly bigger pain in the ass due to needing to run php-fpm, but it's not too bad. This Ghost blog is my attempt to see how I like a non-Wordpress blogging platform - so far so good!

If I had a little more money I would probably get a couple more servers like the T20 since they are quiet and relatively inexpensive to run. I would love to run XenServer clustered, or even better change out the hypervisor to something a little more hyperconverged like Ceph and Proxmox to leverage the local storage better as I doubt I'm doing any decent network storage anytime soon.

Anyway, here's what I have going on at the moment:

## Physical
### skynet - Linksys WRT1900ACS router
* OpenVPN


### davinci - MacBook Pro 15 (2014)
* Daily driver
* The best MacBook ever made (I'll probably have another post in the future about how the new MacBooks are shit)


### maxwell - MacBook Pro 13 (2010)
* Drobo Gen1 (USB) Network Gateway
* OSX Remote Desktop


### tesla - Dell T20 server
* Quad core Xeon E3-1225
* 16GB RAM
* XenServer 7.0
* Virtual hosts (see detail below)
  * newton
  * archimedes
  * aristotle
  * euler
  * fermi
  * edison
  * haproxy


### galileo - Drobo 5N NAS
* Media NAS


### einstein - Windows 10 - Gaming Desktop
* Intel i5 2500 (still going strong!)
* 16G RAM
* Gigabyte GTX 960 Video Card


## Virtual
### haproxy - CentOS 7 - RP/LB
* HAProxy service for reverse proxying traffic internal and external and routing into Docker Swarm


### newton - CentOS 7 - Plex/DNS
* Plex media server
* Pi-hole
* dnsmasq DNS server


### archimedes/aristotle - Centos 7 - Docker
* docker-ce in Swarm mode
* Containerized applications:
  * GOGS
  * tautulli
  * Calibre Web
  * Portainer
  * Wordpress
  * Organizr
  * Others...
* Retired apps:
  * Rocketchat
  * Guacamole
  * Munin
  * Monica
  * Ombi
  * Lounge IRC
  * keybox


### euler - CentOS 7 - Database
* MariaDB
* MongoDB
* PostgreSQL


### fermi - CentOS 7 - Backups
* bacula


### edison - Windows 10 - VDI
* Usually offline